[BULK] - DocuTune - Rebranding of Azure Active Directory to Microsoft Entra terminology (part 2) (#273)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/getting-started/choosing-msal-dotnet.md

## Use [Microsoft Identity Web](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/)

You're building a confidential client application (Web app, web API, daemon/service app) running on ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET OWIN, or .NET framework/.NET Core. See what Microsoft Identity Web has to offer:

> - Sign in users in web apps in Microsoft Entra application, Azure AD B2C, and CIAM applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign in users in web apps in Microsoft Entra application, Azure AD B2C, and Microsoft Entra External ID applications
```

  - Support Microsoft personal accounts
  - Support guest users
  - Incremental consent and conditional access in web apps
  - Handle SameSite
  - Integrates with "App services authentication"
  - supports PKCE for confidential client applications
  - Brings performant token cache serializers, including distributed

> - Protect web API (with Microsoft Entra ID, Azure AD B2C or CIAM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Protect web API (with Microsoft Entra ID, Azure AD B2C, or Microsoft Entra External ID)
```
